NO SCREWS OR PIPING IS REPRESENTED IN THE ASSEMBLY FILE

After Simulation #1, shows minimum safety factor of 3.64, with 45 psi constant across all 3 beams.
General maximum factor of 15, structure is sound. Very mild red streaking on wood seams, but it's
nothing to worry to much over.

Figure out which configuration is optimal and actually can bear significant load.
Watch out on the materials used, METAL is recommended over PVC since its harder
to deflect, and deflects much less so.

Metal's kind of expensive though so on the testing rig I'll see if PVC can work.

Rely more heavily on the wooden structure as its intentionally overbuilt to be abused over
a long period of time, including the casters.

When assembling, be sure to lock the nut attaching the caster studs in place using some
metal, and encase that fixture in some poured and cured compound, even silicone is OK.

Go ham on screwing the piping on, but be sure to use self-tapping screws of a proper alloy
or pre-drill the pipe.

Avoid stacking all the heaviest plates in the middle or in a specific localized area as
when stacked too dense, can create a cumulative force capable of probably ripping the screws
mounting the pipes out, thus entering a failure state in which the entire thing collapses
and probably takes a few of the operator's toes as blood sacrifice for this blunder.

Wear steel-toed shoes if you go to the shop frequently...

Also most COTS parts in this can pretty easily be replaced by any big-box store's equivalent,
so if you ever would rather a trip to Lowe's than an order off McMaster you should be able
to find everything that isn't home-manufactured within a single shopping trip.

Certain parts that are of variable length are simplified to just one length cause I couldn't
bother to when doing the simulations for the rack, so just go by the rule of thumb that 
you usually should do 2.5" wood screws for most applications here (or longer if they don't
peek out the other side for strength), and just use your common sense for literally anything
else. 

You're not a baby; you can assemble IKEA furniture, therefore you can figure out what
screws to use here.

Word of advice: suppress non-load bearing COTS parts in assemblies before compiling a simulation
as for some reason they cost a lot more triangles than you would think they should. Probably
SolidWorks being nasty again. Just go with whatever load-spec is listed and pray that they didn't
mean to say torsion on that data sheet.